docs/users/common-issues.md, before:

# Common issues

When you are installing APS you can encounter some issues based on your setup, the most common of them are given below with their fixes.

## OpenKeychain failed to launch

Many OEMs create excessive limitations on background apps to "improve" battery life by breaking normal functionality, the workarounds for those are described [here](./background-killing-bugs.md).


# "Error reading input data" [#2653](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2653), [#2179](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2179)

OpenKeychain doesn't support AEAD encryption (default in gpg 2.3+). Dropping the OCB option from the key's preference string fixes the issue

```plaintext
$ gpg --edit-key <key-id>

gpg> showpref
  [ultimate] (1).name <email>
  Cipher: AES256, AES192, AES, 3DES
  AEAD: OCB
  Digest: SHA512, SHA384, SHA256, SHA224, SHA1
  Compression: ZLIB, BZIP2, ZIP, Uncompressed
  Features: MDC, AEAD, Keyserver no-modify
gpg> setpref AES256 AES192 AES 3DES SHA512 SHA384 SHA256 SHA224 SHA1 ZLIB BZIP2 ZIP
  Set preference list to: Cipher: AES256, AES192, AES, 3DES AEAD: Digest: SHA512, SHA384, SHA256, SHA224, SHA1 Compression: ZLIB, BZIP2, ZIP, Uncompressed Features: MDC, Keyserver no-modify
  Really update the preferences? (y/N) y 
gpg> save

$ pass init <key-id>
```

## "No encrypted data with known key found in stream with newer gopass secrets" [#1530](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/1530), [#173](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/173)

This issue caused by option "throw-keyids" which isn't supported by OpenKeychain. To resolve this, you can disable it in two ways:
  1. Reinit your password storage by command with disabling option "throw-keyids" `PASSWORD_STORE_GPG_OPTS="--no-throw-keyids" pass init $KEYID`
  2. Edit your gpg config and set `--no-throw-keyids` in it.

## GnuPG AEAD encryption [#2974](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2974) [#2963](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2963) [#2921](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2921) [#2924](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2924) [#2653](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2653) [#2461](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2461) [#2586](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2586) [#2179](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2179)

The developers of GnuPG introduced a non-standard modification to OpenPGP which results in keys generated with recent versions of GnuPG not being compatible with other OpenPGP implementations, including the one used by Android Password Store. The app will attempt to detect this both in your PGP key as well as password files and warn about this incompatibility. To fix this, you can edit your key to remove the non-standard AEAD feature and re-encrypt the store.

1. Run `gpg --edit-key <key id>`, followed by `setpref SHA512 SHA384 SHA256 SHA224 SHA1 AES256 AES192 AES ZLIB BZIP2 ZIP Uncompressed` and `quit` to fix your key.
2. Run `pass init <key id>` to re-encrypt your password store and fix your password files.

Commit message:

Update common-issues.md (#30)
As of pass 1.7.4 I had to use a second key and re-init back to the original to force re-encryption. Finally figured this out after wondering why nothing changed (since the key ID didn't change, I didn't know if the key had changed -- apparently it did and kept the same ID, because reencrypting fixed the android app).

docs/users/common-issues.md, after:

# Common issues

When you are installing APS you can encounter some issues based on your setup, the most common of them are given below with their fixes.

## OpenKeychain failed to launch

Many OEMs create excessive limitations on background apps to "improve" battery life by breaking normal functionality, the workarounds for those are described [here](./background-killing-bugs.md).


# "Error reading input data" [#2653](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2653), [#2179](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2179)

OpenKeychain doesn't support AEAD encryption (default in gpg 2.3+). Dropping the OCB option from the key's preference string fixes the issue

```plaintext
$ gpg --edit-key <key-id>

gpg> showpref
  [ultimate] (1).name <email>
  Cipher: AES256, AES192, AES, 3DES
  AEAD: OCB
  Digest: SHA512, SHA384, SHA256, SHA224, SHA1
  Compression: ZLIB, BZIP2, ZIP, Uncompressed
  Features: MDC, AEAD, Keyserver no-modify
gpg> setpref AES256 AES192 AES 3DES SHA512 SHA384 SHA256 SHA224 SHA1 ZLIB BZIP2 ZIP
  Set preference list to: Cipher: AES256, AES192, AES, 3DES AEAD: Digest: SHA512, SHA384, SHA256, SHA224, SHA1 Compression: ZLIB, BZIP2, ZIP, Uncompressed Features: MDC, Keyserver no-modify
  Really update the preferences? (y/N) y 
gpg> save

$ pass init <key-id>
```

## "No encrypted data with known key found in stream with newer gopass secrets" [#1530](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/1530), [#173](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/173)

This issue caused by option "throw-keyids" which isn't supported by OpenKeychain. To resolve this, you can disable it in two ways:
  1. Reinit your password storage by command with disabling option "throw-keyids" `PASSWORD_STORE_GPG_OPTS="--no-throw-keyids" pass init $KEYID`
  2. Edit your gpg config and set `--no-throw-keyids` in it.

## GnuPG AEAD encryption [#2974](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2974) [#2963](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2963) [#2921](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2921) [#2924](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2924) [#2653](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2653) [#2461](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2461) [#2586](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2586) [#2179](https://github.com/android-password-store/android-password-store/issues/2179)

The developers of GnuPG introduced a non-standard modification to OpenPGP which results in keys generated with recent versions of GnuPG not being compatible with other OpenPGP implementations, including the one used by Android Password Store. The app will attempt to detect this both in your PGP key as well as password files and warn about this incompatibility. To fix this, you can edit your key to remove the non-standard AEAD feature and re-encrypt the store.

1. Run `gpg --edit-key <key id>`, followed by `setpref SHA512 SHA384 SHA256 SHA224 SHA1 AES256 AES192 AES ZLIB BZIP2 ZIP Uncompressed` and `quit` to fix your key.
2. Run `pass init <key id>` to re-encrypt your password store and fix your password files. To force re-encryption of password files, you may need to run `pass init` with a different key and then `pass init` with the original key.
